Okay.
All right, y'all, so
So let me make sure we
Got it. Cool.
So so today and going forward, we're going to have a series of product meetings
And these product meetings are basically going to be designed to help us get on the same page regarding the app. And not just the app, but just what we're doing on whole as business, right?
So, at the beginning of the year, we set out with this calendar that basically kind of gives an outline of what we should be expecting from month to month
Right? Currently, we're kind of sitting here, okay? So
What we're doing is
is taking our app launch and trying to really get everything coordinated for releasing the app and supporting users on the app.
Okay, so this means almost everything's gonna have to change because
where we were, everything was kind of spread out, you know, we had e-books, we had… we had physical books, we had podcasts, we had, you know, social media, and everything was kind of spread out and disintegrated
What we're aiming to do is integrate everything into kind of a one source of truth
type product with our… with our app. And it'll eventually take over our website, because our website was good, don't get me wrong, it was a great upgrade, but this is just part of… part of progress, right?
And so… and so we're kind of heading into July, and so as we're heading into July, we all need to start knowing more about the app.
And what it actually does
Okay, so again, this series, we're going to kind of break down, hey, number one, where do we keep all of our resources, our kind of source of truth
Okay.
That first source of truth is
or the primary source of truth is gonna be… is gonna be here
And if you click on app
You got a products
You go to AMP
You go to onboarding
You go to Onboarding App 2.0, and this is
For the most part are our source of truth okay so almost everything we're doing regarding the app is going to live is going to live here
And so that way, you know, there's detailed surveys for educators, there's detailed surveys for
for teachers
And other users here. So, as we're using the app, as we're seeking to get feedback and things like that, all of that information is going to come here. And so
Part of it is us as a team taking kind of deep dives into our role in the app and all of those different types of things, okay?
So we're going to kind of start on that dive, or we are going to start on that dive, okay?
So I'm going to start off by saying that there's two different sides to the app, okay? Are y'all seeing my screen?
Yes.
Yes
Okay, so there's two different sides to the app. There's what's called the production side or this is the creative side in which
In which
we actually make the app, and that's what I typically see, okay? And then there's the… there is the
There is the published side, okay? So this is… this is kind of what you all typically see. And so, there needs to be some
some reconciliation around that, because what you guys are seeing, even though I'm taking your feedback
And implementing the feedback into the product, I'm not necessarily launching
the app, right? So you could say, hey, Festus, this needs to be improved
I might improve it, but that doesn't mean I launch it publicly
Does that make sense?
Yes.
Yeah.
And so… and so that's why sometimes you're like, oh, I said we need a change, but I haven't seen the change.
Right? Is because
Otherwise, we're going to have to keep publishing it again and again and again and again and again and again, and it's better to just
get, like, maybe 20 or 15 or 20 improvements
And publish those improvements.
You see what I'm saying all together then because sometimes one improvement can actually mess up something else too. And so we have to kind of verify that that part, okay?
So, who's
By their computer
or with their computer right now
I am
Okay, so what we're going to do is I'm going to show you some
I'm gonna preview some things
that are coming, so that you can be ready for them. But then we're going to use AJ as our test subject for today to walk through the app and answer any questions we have together as a group
Okay? And so, the game plan is taking the feedback from here, and again, making those updates.
So that they come out as once. They're not, you know, we're not gonna, like, keep iterating a thousand times right before. We'll just make it all good and then go from there, okay?
Are we all tracking?
Okay, cool. So one of the things that we did in the beginning of the year, I showed this to AJ yesterday, was we went through KPIs, SOPs, and also being knowing, doing as it relates to
individual roles.
You don't see it currently on that side of the app, but it is here.
The onboarding is now coming online, so we're gonna do
basically team member logins
that where you'll be able to come in and you'll be able to look at the mission, the vision, the values, but also some
Job specific training on the app
To help with support, right? So then that way you're able to say, okay.
As it relates to teachers, if I'm, you know, I know Kim right now you're kind of doing a hodgepodge of things. We're going to narrow that down. If you're doing teachers
Well, what do I need to look at on the app for teachers? That'll live here. If you're doing students, what do I need to do for students? That'll live here. And so that's how that part will play out. And so
As we do more
trainings… no, that's not what I wanted to do.
As we do more trainings, one of the key things is
We don't have a massive team, so we need to minimize
We need to minimize
You know, kind of where everything lives, so the help desk is gonna be kind of the primary key to… to helping
almost anybody, okay? But again, your role-specific stuff will be in the
at the very bottom on the foundations, okay? So, with that being said, we're gonna turn over to AJ, and then AJ's just gonna log in, and as she logs in, we're just gonna go, tab by tab. We're gonna go down tab by tab
And just talk about it, okay?
Any
Yes.
Questions, comments, concerns?
All right, I'm turning it over to you, AJ. You should be able to
You should be able to
Show my screen…
Okay, so I am logged in using
The
team, email
Okay.
So
She's currently on the dashboard, and so, AJ, if you want to just scroll down
And then
let's pick it apart now. Y'all got questions, comments, concerns, anything you see needs fixing
Any thoughts on anything?
Yes.
Uh, we can add testimonial on the footer side. That will also help.
for the website.
Reviews, you can say testimonials of the…
students and the parents, that will also help for the app.
Okay
So scroll back up, scroll back up AJ
Yes.
So, right there, right there. Go back
Scroll down a little bit, AJ.
Yeah.
So because this is so new, there's not going to be any testimonials right now
It's going to be more just in your face and use it
But what we can do is eventually go ahead and click that watch two minute demo. AJ
And
Yeah.
It's plain
So
So this is an overview of the app. Eventually, we could put testimonials here when we get them.
One of the
difficulties that I see us having is
Being able to
Touch base with people who are currently using the app
and get those testimonials and feedback
This is something, we're gonna have to talk with
bio about
Because
The production side
does not show the actual current users
Because the sandbox then is different.
So, and we also don't have
messaging feature that allows for, like, email and things like that
And so those are some things that I think
will need to be worked, worked through. But once we start getting
User testimonials and feedback, they can live here kind of either at the end or something like that
Uh, that will be beneficial for the website.
Okay, AJ, you can get out of that.
Okay, does anybody have anything else on the main dashboard home screen
Okay, so then, Ada, you want to click on My Journey
Okay, my journey
And so
So here's the my journey being known doing. AJ, you took the
Journey
How accurate would you say that is?
I'd say it is very accurate, given that I answered the questions honestly
So I think it's very accurate
The only thing I have is
Should I still take
The assessment, even if I already have already done it
So
Or
So I think the thought process is that
You take it again later, and it'll show you your growth.
And that's also a very good question for how this thing works. So
So let's look at this.
Go ahead and scroll down to the Help Desk
No, on the left.
Oh, sorry.
Where it says Help Desk on the bottom
On the bottom here
And then
Scroll up to
I don't know, I don't know why it does that see if you can search it. Scroll up to the top
And see if you could search my journey
Okay, it doesn't
Okay, that's the only thing.
Tried tried dashboard
This one?
No, the… just, no, the, try searching the word dashboard
dashboard
Okay, it just says it doesn't show any data
Okay.
We need to get a good understanding of how that works
And a big question would be
How we can have it explained to the user
Without taking up too much space.
Okay.
Anybody else? Any feedback there?
Yes.
All right, cool. You want to go back to my journey and continue AJ
Okay.
All right, going down
My journey
Okay. Anybody else? Any feedback?
All right, cool. If there's no
Oh, I do have a question.
Would we be able to have, like, helping out whenever I hover, like, here, or under first steps, would we be able to have those pop up little
explanations on what they are, on what I can do to
achieve, let's say
a journey master, or weak warrior
Yeah, I don't see any reason why we can't. That sounds good.
Sounds good.
I think that's, yeah, that's mostly what I
want to, I guess that's what I want to see whenever I… let's say I have I haven't unlocked this yet, so I hover over here and then it pops up. How do I
achieve this particular achievement, or this particular goal
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Okay.
I want to take a quick pause if y'all don't mind, so we can sing happy birthday to Esther. Is that cool? Hey, Esther.
Yes.
All right
I shouldn't be the one my voice is horrible. All right, you guys ready? All right. Okay, great
Yeah.
Yes.
Happy birthday to you!
Ready? Alright, 1, 2, 3. Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to you
To you!
Happy birthday, dear Esther
Happy birthday to you
Is there to you
Happy birthday, Esther!
Yeah, let's do the
Happy birthday!
the full Niger Virgin. How old are you now?
Nasu, nasu, nasso, naso in the bee. That's actually not your birthday. Come on, smile for us!
There we go
Thank you very much. My network has been so bad. Sorry, I've been trying to join all the world.
It's okay, it's okay. We have it recorded in the AI notes, so you could just catch up, catch up later, okay?
You're welcome
You're welcome, you're welcome.
I sincerely appreciate that. Thank you so much. Thank you, everyone. Thank you.
Okay, excellent, excellent, excellent. Okay, so
So, so yeah, let's go to self-discovery, right? To be self-discovery
I think this is pretty self-explanatory
My only thing… Okay, good, good, good.
they did market student versus teacher, so that's good. Okay.
Alright, go ahead and
Sorry, what did you mean? This one?
Yeah, so if you look at the top, it says for students
Yes.
So one of the things that we did, and this is gonna, we'll see this a little bit later
It had the being known doing assessment, but it didn't specify for educator versus for student
So, if you took it as an educator
It should help you as an educator, you see what I'm saying? And that was a difference that we made
So, if you look on the left side
The left tab, scroll down on the left, yeah, scroll down
So
So see where it says professional development
Professional development
So see how on the top, scroll back up. On the top bar where it says be no due self-assessment
BKD self-assessment
So
So see, it's supposed to differentiate. See how that one says educator being on do self-assessment
Yes.
It's supposed to differentiate the two
Oh…
And so
So this is what I should be answering
Correct. As an educator, you see what I'm saying?
Yes.
And so… and so what it's supposed to do
Is see how this one says for educators only, not visible to students
It's supposed to help you become better as a teacher, as an educator
Okay, okay.
Yes.
And talk about more of your teaching style and the way that you impact students. And ultimately, ultimately where we want to eventually go with it
Is that
it's gonna tie into your professional development and educators are going to be able to offer their professional development courses
Here. So let's say, for example.
You have a teacher
India, who is very good at explaining math
As a no tool for subject and pedagogical mastery
You need to get better at math. That teacher can now say, hey.
You could take my course for teachers on how to explain math better
And pay me directly and work with me directly. So now you get better at
Math instead of
You know, most let me not say most a lot of
schools don't have the resources to develop individual teachers sometimes
So, that's how that will work. We haven't built that out yet, and I think there's a long way to go because there's a lot of discussions that need to happen there
Ole, any thoughts on that
And then also in any other team member.
I think that's really good
the ability that… I think there are a lot of great teachers who don't have
the platform
Yeah.
To be able to showcase and take advantage of that. I think it goes along really well also with the affiliate section. It gives educators a lot of opportunities to make
To make, you know, money, residual income
And I had a thought about
Well, how do we make money off of them using our platform? But
This is gonna be based off of the monthly
membership, or the monthly membership fee that they pay, so… I think for them
It's not necessarily, oh, I'm paying this amount, it's I'm paying this amount, but I'm basically hosting my stuff here.
So I can then make more money off of that, right? So I like it from that aspect. And of course, you know, we have people in our
In our circle, who we can talk to about that, right? The Doctor Hugos, the Dr. Crawfords and stuff. But I think the idea is really, really good.
Yes
And especially from an international standpoint, I really love that idea.
Yes. Yes, yes. And that's where I think as we just develop out the marketplace sign, it'll be good and it'll offer
master educators who have decades of experience, opportunities to teach those educators who are up and coming. I think that there's some key things that we're going to have to look at is
you know, the course review process
the, you know, the quality, those things, who's kind of overseeing those things
But, you know, for now, it's
Those features aren't necessary right now, you know.
AJ feedback, Niha
I do have feedback. If I don't need
Where is this? If I don't need this as an educator
Why is it here
Good question. So part of it is overseeing your students
Okay
So if you scroll down
Yes,
Oh, here
I'm sorry, on the left side
Yes
Okay, scroll down, scroll down, right there. So where it says, classroom
Classroom
you click new class
A new class
So, as you build out your class
You should be able to see your students
Who are
who are there
Right? And that's something that, again, needs to be really flushed out is
How you see your students be no due progress
I don't think that's correlated well.
Well, okay.
Because there would be… I'm thinking as a teacher, if I go through the left
Sidebar
Yay.
And I don't need self-discovery, and I keep on clicking it, because I'm thinking this is self-discovery. Would it be
Better if we have, like, different types of sidebars for
educators, which would have their professional development
Questions in there instead
Rather than
Keeping on clicking on self-discovery and seeing student assessment
Because I'm not gonna use this.
Agree, agree.
740 buzzer.
Federal change for another one.
Aniha, you had something?
No, not for me.
Okay.
And then, do we go to strength inventory
I haven't added anything yet
No, that's good. Yeah, just keep walking through it. That's fine.
Okay, let's do test
Just
Do I need it? Do I need anything? Okay, I
Oh, I need name and evidence
test
And that
Okay, it aired
Aaron? Okay, got you.
Yes.
And then earlier it says optional
If I delete this
It would show me
Sorry, okay, let me just delete this again.
So, it says name and evidence is required. So
If it's required, should this word be deleted
Got you.
Okay.
Okay, essay
So I'm not sure if an educator would need this
Or… do I need this if it's about
Sorry.
If it's about scholarship essays, or
Yeah, so real quick, I think
That… is that for educator?
My account is using educators
Oh, okay, okay.
Yeah, so I think in regards to educator
Yes.
I'm trying to think of what would be more efficient if
Sidebar. Yes.
If the educator has its own menu sidebar, or if there's the ability, because the educators should have access
to everything a student can do
Why do I say that?
Well, okay. Well, I agree, but the thing is
If I would be using this, and I would not use these 5
And I would just go and scroll down to here
I think that would be too much of a work, especially, again, I don't need
Let's say these ones
Totally agree. Totally agree. All I'm saying is the educator should have the option to add anything the student has access to
Because if a teacher is still using, if an educator is still using the
The modeling, the… I do, you do, we do approach for this
Some educators are going to want to show the students how to do it
Okay.
Right? So they should have access. So I agree with you. I think
Yes.
Whatever the educator does or needs, it should be on that sidebar, but there should be an option maybe for educators to say
let me do this, or give me student view
Yes.
Or something like that. Yeah.
So
Probably under Settings
I like that student. I like that student view concept.
And then, I'm thinking, if I would be a student, if I would be an educator, I would leave
I don't think I need this
What's that?
As a… as an educator. I'm thinking… I'm not sure if I need it right now
The B, self-discovery
Yeah, gotcha.
Right now, as an educator
I need mentor, but I'm not sure if I need all three. So I'm thinking maybe we can have educator tools
Somewhere higher
Or
But that would remove the B no due part
Or maybe, okay. Or maybe we could have, like
The buttons wherein we can hide
These
So, it will just be B, know, and do, and then Educator Tools.
So like again
The arrows that would… when I click on it, it will hide all of these
I think I would
Make it easier.
No, this is
Very key dialogue. Very key dialogue, okay? Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. And I know this is supposed to be a 30-minute meeting
So we'll have to
We'll have to
Come back to it. So we're kind of still up high, but what we said, basically everything needs to be a lot more role-specific
to what people need to use
Yes.
We need to do more
To make sure that those fields that are missing
They say that
they're not required, but they are required. They need to… that needs to be corrected.
We need to
Look at
Well, self-discovery, that's that's okay. They just need a student view for that
Okay. Dashboard's good. We'll add some space for some testimonials later. Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Are there any other questions, comments, concerns, thoughts
Before we close out.
Yeah, real quick, I'll say this. If everyone can, if you have some extra time. 5 minutes, five minutes.
Just
go on the app on your… on your own
And just play around
try to create a goal
Try to do an essay
You know, get used to it. My recommendation would be whoever you service, right? Whoever your role is most geared towards go there 5 minutes, 3 minutes
Three to five minutes and just play around there.
And just try to do a couple things. Put yourself in the mind of someone who's using it. I think that'll really help. I spent about an hour and a half
Over the weekend doing it, it was just… it was really fun, actually, just looking at it, taking notes. And I was just on student. I didn't even get a chance to go to educator yet, so this was really good today. But I would highly recommend that for everyone. I think it's going to be really, really beneficial
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, anybody else?
Before we close out
Okay.
And Niha, just as an aside, I know you're doing some of the outreach where you're creating blogs and blurbs
So… so those… those changes need to focus in on where we're going
Right? So it shouldn't just be generic. It should be, hey
we have this app coming. Here are some of the features in the app
but focus in on early adopter and be no due, right? So, if you're doing something, for example, for parents, then say, you know, parents, great tool
for your student to know what their purpose is and
Also, have resources for graduation, and you do it that way.
Okay. Anybody else? Anything else?
All right, great, great, great, great, great. So.
Obviously, this type of meeting
is a very… it's much needed, because this is going to provide the clarity for each person's role going forward
And so we're… we wanted to do
Evening, but I know from a time zone standpoint, it's horrible
Because if we do it in
at 9.30 at night for us, it means
You know, 2 o'clock in the morning for those in Nigeria, for
for Neha, I think it will interrupt your taking your daughter to school
So we're going to need to play around with some times. The challenge is
that, you know, again, we're all gonna have to make some kind of sacrifice or sacrifice and commitment for a period of time until this is really dialed in
The more often we have… I don't really want to spread these meetings over weeks. I think even if we did it in a, you know, two, three-week period, where we're just really iterative, that's going to help us out versus saying, okay, let's do it every Monday
Right?
it would be helpful to do it once a week like that, but we kind of need to move a little bit faster, because as
As Ole and I go out
to do outreach, and this is
not even so much Olay and I, Remy and Arch
When they start trying to show it to principals or principal says.
I'm going to take a look during my coffee break
We don't know when that time that they're going to take a look is, right? And so what they see matters, right? So if, you know, when we make these changes, again, it's iterative. So if we do, if we wait two weeks to make a change versus, hey, let's make those changes
You know, in one week it matters. So so just all that being said, get with AJ, and AJ is going to be reaching out to everybody
To try to lock in sometimes it's going to be sacrificial. It is going to be sacrificial. I'm being honest. Okay, so just be ready for that. Okay, but this is going to help us move a lot
faster, further, together than oh I don't know what's going on. I'm reaching out to this person. I don't know what to say. You know, all of those different types of things
on a whole other note, I was showing this to AJ yesterday
And I'm going to send out a email. Dang it. I'm going to send out an email. One of the
The things that we're doing
That's in line with this is we're updating our team engine
Okay, and this is why I was asking for pictures. I'm also going to send out an email in line with this
So this is the rough draft
of our new engine
And so we need team photos
Okay, I think I have most of the photos, but I still need you to review your photo to make sure that, hey, this is the photo I want. It's okay if you do like an AI touch-up, but just your best team photo. Right now, most of the team photos
aren't black shirts, so if you have something where you're wearing black, that would be good.
That would be good for us to use, okay? So, other than that, that's it for today. Thanks so much.
I will… I'll press out, unless somebody has something else.
Okay, Heavenly fathers, we come to you today. We just thank you for this time we've been able to share together, that we've been able to work on the app, that we've been able to get more clarity in terms of our focus for this period and this season. Lord, we just pray for any questions that anybody has, anything that they want to bring up
in regard to
what we're doing, or how we're doing it, bring it to their remembrance. Let us be unified and on the same page, that you're glorified, and that, others are impacted and uplifted in Christ's holy name we pray. Amen.